usage: wbemcli [options] server

Provide an interactive shell for issuing operations against a WBEM server.

Positional arguments:
  server                Host name or url of the WBEM serverin this format:
                            [{scheme}://]{host}[:{port}]:
                        -scheme: defines the connection type; "https://" for an
                         ssl connection or "http://" for a non-ssl connection.
                         If there is no scheme prefix the -no-ssl option
                         determines the connection type.
                        -host: may be  a short or fully qualified DNS hostname,
                         a literal ipv4 address(dotted) or a literal IPV6
                         address(RFC 3986) with zone identifier extensions
                          (RFC6874) supporting "-" or %25 for the delimiter.
                        -port: if provided defines the WBEM server port
                         to be used. If the port suffix is not provided the
                         default ports are:
                            http  - 5988
                            https - 5989
                        The port suffix superceeds the --port argument

Server related options:
  Specify the WBEM server connection type, port, and namespace

  --port port           (Deprecated) Port where the WBEM server listens. A
                        port specification on the server argument overrides
                        this argument.
  -n namespace, --namespace namespace
                        Namespace in the WBEM server to work against.
                        Default: root/cimv2
  -t timeout, --timeout timeout
                        Timeout in the WBEM server in seconds for operation to
                        complete.
                        Default: No timeout(None)
  --no-ssl              (Deprecated)Don't use SSL for the connection. The
                        scheme prefix on the server argument overrides this
                        option.

Connection security related options:
  Specify user name and password or certificates and keys

  -u user, --user user  Username for authenticating with the WBEM server.
                        Default: No username.
  -p password, --password password
                        Password for authenticating with the WBEM server.
                        Default: Will be prompted for, if username was
                        specified.
  -x, --no-verification
                        Do not verify wbem server returned certificate against
                        certificatess in ca_certs argument or system defined
                        certs.
  --cacerts cacerts     File or directory containing certificates that will be
                        matched against a certificate received from the WBEM
                        server. However, if None, pywbem will search for
                        possible certificates in default system directories.
                        Therefore, --no-verification must be supplied to
                        bypass client verification of server sent
                        certificaties.
  --certfile certfile   Client certificate file for authenticating with the
                        WBEM server. If this option exists the client attempts
                        to execute mutual authentication.
                        Default: None.
  --keyfile keyfile     Client private key file for authenticating with the
                        WBEM server. Not required if private key is part of the
                        certfile option.
                        Default: None. 

General options:
  -v, --verbose         Print more messages while processing
  -h, --help            Show this help message and exit

Examples: wbemcli https://localhost:15345 -n vendor -u sheldon -p penny -
(https localhost, port 15345, namespace vendor user sheldon password penny)
wbemcli http://[2001:db8::1234-eth0] -(http port 5988 ipv6, zone id eth0)
